Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
So,
in a similar fashion,
what we gonna do now?
He's creates,
like,
three.
I'm just gonna slide three through in order.
I'm gonna copy all the code for slide to away then Teoh here.
Copy.
Come back up,
sit up and just paste that in here.
Doesn't matter which order your subroutines appearing because they run order is going to be
determined at the top.
So now we're working on slide three and we're going to set the slide,
no matter in next number three.
So now we don't have to remember to change it here on Dhere.
Okay,
so far,
so good.
So now we have this.
We have the create a new slide in next room three.
Layer number two.
I'm going to stick with that.
We can add a logo.
That's perfectly fine.
And then we want what now?
What we want to see is this chart just here,
this profit foot by day.
So let's go back to the code alternate 11 and I'm gonna change this to say profit by day.
The prophet rips.
Problem fits by.
I really can't type if I'm speaking to.
Okay,
so there we go.
So whenever the title profit by day,
I'm gonna leave the formatting exactly as they are.
This part here we're not gonna need because what we're gonna do is just paste an image,
Onda,
we can we can talk around that image in the presentation itself.
But what we do need to do is add an image.
So what we're gonna do is come down to the base code.
I told you this was gonna be put like putting it together with let go down to the not the
and Text box Two images.
Here we go.
So we are going to pace an object to chart objects.
So that is this code just here.
So paste chart as bit map.
That is exactly what we want.
So we're working on slide three.
So here we've done all about ad in the cycle,
and then we're gonna pace new charts is a bit map,
so I can ram this code.
So there we have sheets sheet one on.
That is exactly what's called.
You can call this most Phoebe name if you want chart objects and this chart is called,
I'm just going to copy it from there.
This chart is called uncertain if 11 army.
This chart is called profit by day Charts,
charts copy,
picture PP,
slides on paste.
So let's run that code and see what it does.
Okay?
So I m not do on bomb,
bomb,
bomb They go.
That is our child.
Right?
Okay,
so we have a text box that lives behind it.
Now,
this is index number one.
This is index number two.
So next thing we're gonna do is a keep its NFL have a number of points instead of on Excel
.
What we need to do is delete chart number two.
So we have a bit of code that does the deleting,
I think text deleting,
deleting.
There we go delete a shape referred to by the index number.
And that's very useful because it is in next number two,
because it is the 1st 2nd I have done it again.
Control left 11 on power points.
Ah,
v b i them again.
So up to slide three on Dhere.
We're going to delete that second object.
So that's delete.
Uh uh.
Delete textbooks.
Textbooks Go on remnant andi that will delete that text box behind their for there will
just manually delete it by hitting delete.
Now.
So far,
that's that.
That looks great.
That centered.
But it's not particularly very big.
Perhaps we might wanna have that a little bit larger.
So let's just dragged on until it looks exactly exactly as we want it to look.
That's a bit better.
We could weaken.
See that?
Let's make it even big yourself.
So now we know that that is said the right size.
And if I just hover,
you can see these little crosshairs means it is now dead center.
So that is exactly where we want this chart to appear.
So I'm gonna come up to here on the right click on former picture.
I'm going to choose this,
and now I'm gonna choose size and we can see that the height is 11.65 centimeters and we
already know we have a really clever way of coping with that.
So what we're gonna do is change the size off this chart.
So it's come down to here and find the code where weaken do that.
So we're on images were on re sizing images.
There we go on.
We only need to do one of them.
So what we're gonna do is this'll One here will work with the height.
Copy that all the way back up to number three.
Andi,
this is it Doesn't matter when we delete the text box.
Weaken.
Do startle the beginning.
So now we have That was 50 in the test code.
But what we actually want to do with High Sabbath 11.65 So 11.65 times on we can use that
centimeter thing again.
Fantastic.
So that should make it precisely the right height.
Now,
the next in groups,
the next thing we need to do is learn where it is positioned.
So we're just going to click on the position box in in PowerPoint and I'm gonna come back
to excel.
Andi,
here we go.
Now we want to know the positioning code.
So back down here,
images re sizing,
positioning that we don't use the mso alignments.
Actually,
you know,
we could use the MSR alignment.
Let's let's let's try this.
Let's try the m s.
Align centers true and see what that does.
So way back rips the top number three on pace that underneath eso that should give us
exactly the right size and that should alone it in the center.
So let me just close this.
Don't save.
Let me just strike.
That s so it's full screen again for you on backup.
Sovereign order on.
Let's run that and see what it does.
Yeah,
that is getting annoying.
There some bum bum bum bum bump.
So there's our first.
Like,
there's our second slide on.
There is a perfectly sized third slide.
Fantastic.
Well risen through this,
right.
I'll see you in the next lecture where we're going to use light three to create Slowed for
.
Okay,
So you in the next lecture.